welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
look who's back
the film begins in berlin 2014.
adolf hitler wakes up in the park where
his former wartime bunker once stood
as he wanders disoriented through the
city he interprets modern situations and
things from a wartime perspective
everyone he meets assumes he is an actor
impersonating hitler
attempting to ask directions to the
right chancellery
hitler is told by a mime to find his own
spot and pepper sprayed by a terrified
young mother
arriving at a newspaper kiosk and
reading that it is
2014 he becomes dizzy and faints
meanwhile movie maker fabian sawatsky is
fired from the television station my tv
and despondently watches the documentary
he had been filming in the park where
hitler awoke
seeing hitler in the background sawatsky
begins searching for him in hopes of
getting his job back
waking at the kiosk hitler begins to
read about
modern germany through the newspapers he
discovers a completely different nation
from the one he left and not one
agreeable to him
lamenting that poland still exists on
formerly german soil
hitler says the whole war was a waste
he decides that destiny has resurrected
him for a reason and vows to continue
his work
after finding the kiosk sawatsky
proposes to travel across germany with
hitler and film him for youtube
hitler agrees and the two leave together
traveling from the north sea coast to
bavaria sawatsky films hitler
interacting with ordinary germans and
promising to solve their problems with
immigrants and guest workers
when a bavarian tells hitler that he
will never follow him
hitler demands his name and address
saying that it's fourth the first wave
of arrests
the bavarian responds that he isn't
worried
sowatsky's idea for an animal-centered
film clip ends when hitler shoots a dog
with a concealed fn model 1910
pistol sawatsky is outraged but hitler
calls him a weakling and vows to make a
man out of him
while their videos gain over a million
hits sawatsky and hitler returned to
berlin
sawatsky introduces both hitler and his
program idea to the my tv station chiefs
the new my tv chairman katya bellini
decides to use hitler in one of my tv's
comedies
before the show hitler learns about the
internet and uses the web to prepare his
return to politics
on air hitler presents his old plans for
an ethnically homogeneous fascist
state and unintentionally becomes a big
comedy hit
as his success in comedy increases
christoph sensenbrink
one of mighty bees executives discovers
the unedited footage of hitler shooting
the dog
sensenbrink broadcasts the footage
ruining the burgeoning careers of hitler
sawatsky and bellini and resulting in
his own promotion to station chief
with the help of bellini and sawatsky
hitler publishes an autobiographical
book about his new life in the 21st
century
er first weeder da look who's back and
it becomes a best seller
soon after sawatsky turns the book into
a film
without hitler my tv's ratings and ad
revenue dropped precipitously in sense
and brink after a fit of rage
parodying hitler's breakdown scene in a
german drama film downfall
decides he must rehire hitler
hitler plays himself in the movie after
a night of filming
he is beaten by two neo-nazis who
believe him to be a fraudulent
impersonator mocking their beliefs
hitler is hospitalized but the news of
his beating generates sympathy and he
returns to high standing with the german
people
while hitler is recuperating sawatsky
reviews his old footage and discovers a
ball of energy
based on the terminator in the
background before hitler first appeared
returning to the site he finds burnt
leaves
with horror he realizes that the hitler
he encountered was the real person all
along
he rushes to the hospital to confront
hitler but finds only katya who says
hitler is at the movie studio
katya doesn't understand sawatsky when
he says hitler is real and he trashes
the hospital room before running for the
exit pursued by
two hospital orderlies sawatsky arrives
at the movie studio
where he forces hitler to the roof at
gunpoint with his own pistol
hitler replies that he was elected by
the german people and if he is a monster
then so is everyone who voted for him
enraged sawatsky shoots hitler in the
face and watches him fall off the roof
to his apparent death
suddenly hitler reappears behind
sawatsky claiming he cannot be killed as
he is a part of every german
this entire scene is revealed to be a
part of the film
and swatsky is a body double wearing a
silicone mask
the real swatsky has been committed to a
mental hospital
following his previous outburst that
hitler still lives
once the work for his film finishes
hitler senses that he is on the path
to a political comeback he is more
popular than ever
and nationalist germans give him hope
that germany may be ready for his return
to power
with hitler and bellini riding in the
back seat of an open mercedes-benz w-31
convertible and among images of
actual nationalist demonstrations the
film ends with hitler's voiceover
i can work with this thank you all for
watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
[Music]
videos